Dad, it's finally over
Song Yuchuan was arrested
He will pay for his actions
It's just that my brother injured his right hand to save me.
I hope Dad can bless my brother for a speedy recovery.
Don't worry.
I'll get you medicine.
Tang Zhengchu
i
master
Actually, I should thank you.
I wouldn't be amazing if it wasn't for your oppression.
I wouldn't have gone if it wasn't for your marriage
If it weren't for your cruelty
I wouldn't be an international today.
How is that possible?
How could you possibly be like him?
How is that possible hahaha
If I say
You're just a pissed-off ghost
You think there's humanity?
I didn't kill anyone.
I was wronged
director
The director bewitched me
Consolidate my car accident
Ah!
I didn't kill anyone.
He is currently being held in the second hospital for mental illness
I didn't kill anybody.
The death of the Mo Foundation was too exciting for him
I didn't kill anyone.
Nonsense all day
Okay, I see, Miss Xing.
Lu Xue, Mr. Lu is busy
He will go back to Switzerland soon, haha, Mr. Lu